---
layout: post
title: To Do
date:   2015-01-27 22:43
categories: blog january
---

It has been over 2 weeks since my last post. A lot of things have hit me hard: the new semester of school, club activities, and a bunch of catching up in my courses. I had planned to graduate this May, but this will probably not happen due to the workload that 5 programming courses will ask of me. Now that I have everything sorted out, I'd like to set some small goals that I want to achieve with the blog:

1. Post every other day:

I find that spending 2 hours for a blog post on a daily basis does not currently fit in with the schedule that I have. It takes time for me to translate what's on my mind to something coherent, and I'd like to give it my best effort when writing this. Of course, the weekends are a different story for blogs...

2. Create a section for current projects:

I am involved in a lot of projects this semester, ranging for Hepatitis C research to programming projects to my own side projects. As such, I'd like to keep track of it all and reference them easily whenever I feel like blogging about my work. The goal here is to learn how to modify the layout so that I can provide a panel for this.

3. Update the blog:

The blog has been lacking change as of late and I want to add a little more than point #2. Introducing new text variations and changes to the current layout are something I've been meaning to do, but haven't mustered the effort to do. 

These few goals should get me started well into February. I find that too many goals tend to discourage me from working towards them all. I'll end the post here to keep it a light one.

Adimwit