---
layout: post
title:  "C++"
date:   2015-01-31 22:32:00
categories: blog january
---
The University of Arizona will be hosting a Hackathon on March 6-8 ([hackarizona.org][hackarizona.org]). I have garnered [HelloSputnik][HelloSputnik]'s interest to participate in a team of 3-4 members (4 being ideal). For this event we've decided to code in C++, a language that I have no experience in. To prepare for this, Sputnik has provided me with a beginner's tutorial called "C++ Beginner's Guide" to complete.

Consisting of 12 modules, I plan to complete this "Beginner's Guide to C++" in 1 week. With a strong foundation in both Java and C, I am familiar with the syntax used by C++. New things I learned:

```<<``` and ```>>```

These arrows direct input and output. For example: ```cin >> size``` assigns input from the user to ```size``` and ```cout << "Hello World!\n"``` prints "Hello World!" to console. This is much more convenient than typing ```System.out.println(...)``` in Java.

```using namespace std;```

Introduced in the first coding example (and every subsequent example after that), the first chapter gives a brief description (the tutorial will provide an in-depth analysis later on) that is confusing. I quote the description here:

> "A namespace creates a declarative region in which various program elements can be placed. Elements declared in one namespace are separate
> from elements declared in another. Namespaces help in the organization of large programs."

Correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe these are similar to ```typedef``` found in C. I can only guess this is related to header files until I read chapter 5 for the full explanation.

Having experience in multiple languages (Java helps a lot), I find myself having no trouble breezing through C++. After finishing the tutorial, I plan on a small project to combine everything I learned into a program. After all, the only way to truly know that you learned is to implement what you've learned.

Adimwit

[hackarizona.org]: hackarizona.org
[HelloSputnik]: hellosputnik.github.io